
Highlights
Achieve new levels of creativity with the pioneering technology of the new EOS R system.
Enjoy incredible levels of image stabilisation when shooting in 4K video، plus stunning detail and grading possibilities from 10bit Canon Log footage when recorded to an external recorder.
Faster communication between lens and camera with new EOS R system redefines photo and video performance for professional photographers and filmmakers.
The ideal companion when working in the studio، the camera can be remotely connected to a computer via USB 3.1 or Wi-Fi for instant image review.
The RF 24-105mm F4-7.1 IS STM is an ideal lightweight everyday zoom lens with a compact design، perfect for capturing stills and movies، day and night. Easily pair to smartphones or tablets for enhanced shooting such as remote control with always-on Bluetooth and Wi-Fi.
Overview
With over 30 years of EOS innovation and design in its wake، the EOS R system’s pioneering lens mount sets the new standard for the cameras of the future. Offering the fastest autofocus in the world، this EOS R body brings new levels of operability to professional and advanced EOS users، with faster communication between lens and camera، redefining photo and video capability. With a high-speed and wide lens mount، Canon EOS R is an interchangeable lens camera that’s compatible with the new era of RF lenses which have been designed to work at the optimum distance from a full-frame sensor. This combination of high-performance optics and a pioneering lens mount form a truly creative camera that pushes forward the frontiers of photography and filmmaking. Canon EOS R boasts a full-frame 30.3 Megapixel Dual Pixel CMOS AF sensor which focuses without compromise thanks to its advanced phase-detection system، DIGIC 8 processing and in-camera Digital Lens Optimizer. For photographers and filmmakers who already own a range of EF and EF-S lenses، the Canon EOS R offers full compatibility via an adapter with no loss of performance or quality. Canon’s Speedlite flash range offers flexible and creative lighting possibilities while EOS accessories open the door to greater creativity. Canon EOS R has been designed for photographers and filmmakers on the move. Always-on low energy Bluetooth allows a smartphone to be paired and built-in Wi-Fi allows instant share to cloud services. For additional creative capture، remote shooting and tethering offers even greater freedom.


60999.00
Canon
EOS R Mirrorless Camera Body، 30.3 MP، Full Frame، Dual Pixel CMOS AF، 8 fps، 4K Movies، Bluetooth، Canon Log، DP RAW