Highlights
More room to work: Free up valuable desk space with a thin monitor profile and a small monitor base Contrast ratio: 1000:1
Consistent and rich colors: A wide viewing angle enabled by in-plane switching technology lets you see vibrant colors—no matter where you sit
Expand your efficiency: The three-sided ultrathin bezel design lets you enjoy an uninterrupted view of your content across multiple monitors
This TUV certified monitor has a flicker-free screen with comfort view, a feature that reduces harmful blue light emissions. It's designed to optimize eye comfort even over extended viewing
60 hertz
This monitor's Eye Saver mode makes viewing more comfortable and less taxing on the eyes
Overview
Minimalist design, maximum concentration. The 1-sided borderless display brings a clean and modern aesthetic to any working environment. In a multi-monitor setup, the displays line up seamlessly for a virtually gapless view without distractions. See It from Any Angle Sit anywhere and have a full Technicolor experience. The IPS panel preserves colour vividness and clarity across every inch of the screen. Even on a display this wide, tones and shades look completely accurate from virtually any angle, with no colour washing. Synchronized action Superfluid entertainment experience. AMD Radeon FreeSync keeps your monitor and graphics card refresh rate in sync to reduce image tearing. Watch movies and play games without any interruptions. Even fast scenes look seamless and smooth. Seamless, smooth visuals Now, the picture looks flawless. The 75Hz refresh rate delivers more fluid scenes. Whether you're catching up on your favourite TV drama, watching a video, or playing a game, your entertainment has no lag or ghosting effect. More gaming power Ideal game settings instantly give you the edge. Get optimal colour and image contrast to see scenes more vividly and spot enemies hiding in the dark. Game Mode adjusts any game to fill your screen with every detail in view. Superior eye care Protect your eyes and do more. The advanced eye comfort technology reduces eye strain for less strenuous extended computing. Flicker Free technology continuously removes tiring and irritating screen flicker, while Eye Saver Mode minimizes emitted blue light. Your eyes stay fresh longer. True versatility Connect to more. With both HDMI and D-sub ports, multiple devices can be plugged straight into your monitor for complete flexibility. Now, your computing environment is even more convenient with additional input possibilities.
Specifications


9300.00

DELL
P Series 24-Inch Screen Led Lit Monitor (P2419H) Black